{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf440
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green33\blue231;}
{\info
{\author thor magnusson}
{\*\company ixi software}
{\*\copyright thor magnusson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13880\viewh15120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Dear ixiQuarks User
\f0\b0 \
\
Recently you kindly registered your email in order to help us with our research.\
\
ixiQuarks is a result of reserch. That's how we can give it away for free. These \
days we are finishing our work with the survey on ixiQuarks and we would love \
to get your help by answering the survey on this page:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ixi-audio.net/content/download/ixiquarks/survey/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.ixi-audio.net/content/download/ixiquarks/survey/}}\
\
It takes around 10-15 minutes. When you finish the survey, you will find a link to a \
pre-release version of ixiQuarks v.6 - a special edition for survey participants. \
\
We do appreciate your involvement and look forward hearing from you.\'ca\
Your views will only result in better software.\
\
ixi\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 ixiQuarks: New in version 6 - Special Edition:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 - New instrument: LiveCoder\
- New effect: BitCrusher\
- New category: Dynamics (untested. use at your own risk!)\
- Adding a rec/play toggle button in the StratoSampler\
- Change in colours in Quanoon and adding keyboard for fundamental key\
- Fixing updates from bufferpools in instruments\
- Adding Z (undo) for grains in SoundScratcher\
- Adding pitchratio in Sounddrops (using the microtonal keyboard)\
- Automation (path recording) of sliders. (Press A for automation, C for clearing)\
- PolyMachine remebers states when stored in Settings\
- "free" button in BufferPools GUI frees only the 
\f1\b selected buffer
\f0\b0  not all buffers\
- Adding Limiter to Recorder and BufferPool recording (thus no distortion possible)\
- Adding range slider in bufferplayer and view of soundfile\
- Adding cropping to SoundfileView (in bufferpool and bufferplayer) - this makes editing better\
- Adding support for different samplerate and bitdepth. (samplerate is detected from hardware but bitdepth set in the preferences file - internal bitdepth in sc is 32 but for written files other values can be set)\
- Soundcard support: no need to create Aggregate Device anymore. (untested)\
\
}